11-Jan-2021
- Plan: workshop CD Whitepaper topics


14-Dec-2020
- Mauricio has started use cases with a focus on what gets impacted when you make changes in a tech stack.  Will be following up with Interoperability SIG with regards to Events (which will probably be broken out into its own SIG)
    - Will review some of the talks from CDCon with related content, followups next year
- Christie has started a timeline of terms and when they came into existence, has a [PR pending review](https://github.com/cdfoundation/almanac/pull/1)
- Also, should review the list of topics in the [CD Whitepaper]( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aZT__F57g1BMPzpsV6RAC86k_FfetkAWMhdVT22PZrM/edit#heading=h.ayrusou2822c)
    - Can we refine existing list more usefully?  Next meeting will work on this.
    - Still need to organize the Ambassadors and/or determine whether we have sufficient data from members about their CD proccesses


30-Nov-2020

- Setup new SIG repo, ACLs! 
    - Tracy M to setup a Youtube playlist for future 'best practice' videos 
- Should followup w/Jacque about soliciting Ambassadors regarding generating list of case studies from respective organizations. 
- Mauricio to post his WIP notes to repo
